add smart contracts -> advanced features -> randomness (#2637)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/randomness.mdx

> # On-Chain Randomness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# On-chain randomness
```

> The Internet Computer provides a secure and verifiable way to generate random numbers directly within canister smart contracts. This functionality is exposed through the [raw_rand](../../../references/ic-interface-spec.md) method offered by the [management canister](../advanced-features/management-canister.mdx) and the [Motoko Random module](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/base/Random). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internet Computer provides a secure and verifiable way to generate random numbers directly within canisters. This functionality is exposed through the [raw_rand](../../../references/ic-interface-spec.md) method offered by the [management canister](../advanced-features/management-canister.mdx) and the [Motoko Random module](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/base/Random). 
```

The method takes no input and returns 32 pseudo-random bytes to the caller.

## How it works
Behind the scenes, ICP utilizes a Verifiable Random Function (VRF) to generate randomness.

> During each round, the VRF is evaluated with the current round number as input. This process produces a fresh set of random bytes.

Reviewer: Is there a resource that defines what a round number is in case this is a new term to the reader?

Author: Hmm, during each round, the VRF is evaluated with the input being the number of the round. Maybe I should use this explanation instead of "round number"?

I also think that linking to the execution layer doc might be interesting to more technical folks: https://internetcomputer.org/how-it-works/execution-layer/
